we take noise all the way
of course
be it flowing water a cat
or even a train the job of a good one
It is just this microphone
of course to capture noises and that
without distorting electrical distortion
or hum
i finally arrived two months ago
a new microphone and it
seems to meet all these demands
yes it even has a little one
nice feature but more on that later
the blues tactic is classy and is too
so built apart from that
it his name this red orange
color does not necessarily make any honor
It looks really pretty and I have it
like to stand next to a desk
it is quite a lot and therefore it is
advisable stable microphone stand to
buy because otherwise under the weight
just fold it up
Microphone games weighs alone
Almost as much as the microphone and
she herself is also wonderfully built and
goes great with the design of the blue
Products do their job namely that
balancing bumps against the tripod
or making disk drives
She was very good and I could do everything here
in everything really nothing negative
notice that Bruce Buck is sitting very much
stuck on the spider and it takes one
good time to get in or out
to turn because it is not everyone
day power is that he is a plus point that
means it really holds very fast and you
it can sometimes hang upside down
pop filter, however, there is the
biggest criticism of the lousberg
he could avoid pop loud
like Peter or horse as well as even
not and the only thing he does is
look really great
I have one for this reason
10 euro pop filter purchased at Amazon
better still has him of mine
old microphone and he is always at the
fixed tripod so I have no pop
loud but still a nice design
At the football we have only one button and
no jack output that means we
unfortunately no headphones
connect but this button is activated
a focus mode that allows you
to stand a little further away from the blue or
to speak
and still no ambient noise
record
This is a mode I would
always recommend you if you are in front of the
camera sits and talks because then yes
not necessarily very close to the microphone
but want to be now I'll go to
sounded over, of course , already heard him
all the time I'm in the blues
bar a speaker compared to others
we have microphones at the blue
microphone but a special one
they have a really nice one
coloring your voice deeper and deeper
sounds fuller
such colorations are quite intentional
and at the price of 155 euro completely
not common in plain language that means
just that sounded nice and full
rich sounds what the listener it
makes the whole thing more pleasant
to follow spoken when it the
However, you should not like it
of course that also in the
Post processing has a thing to change
I have not mentioned it yet
that's the connection below that's one
xl connection and it is quite normal that
your pc or mac does not have but
just for that there is a usb
interface in my case that 's it
test seal a tube into which the xl
cable in and on the other side
USB cable comes out again Michael
you can control how you do it yourself
sensitive to the microphone
to be and that's it
actually already the advantage of
such xlr connections is that
to retrofit them in the future or
you can upgrade that better
only costs 50 euros and is so
actually not too cheap
cheap but for the price really
really good but let's assume now
you do not want more freedom in the future
problem
Just buy a new interface
connect it and you're done then
much more freedom and that is more real
Pluspunkt that was also one of the
Main reasons why I have the blues bar
just bought it because it is in this
price category usually no xl
makes such a nice coloring or
Altogether such a great sound picture of
bigger brother of the blues park the blue
Blue Bird has my colleague Felix was for
you tested there could be over
My opinion is the blood bath
has a super great price
performance ratio as we just
No rushing and packing
is much more horny anyway than at
Every other microphone but what means
what do you think about the sound of the blues?
park writes that one down in the
Comments
below you will find a row
from buy left the ongoing in the price
fluctuate because it is cheaper there
that was it again from me
load up on the tree
u